There's a little thing about hope. It's not quite passion, and it's not quite optimism.
It has a rational justification to seeing the world's greener pastures.

It's knowing that those Californian Death Valley wildflowers weren't dead, they're dormant.
Your dreams are like that, they're not dead, nor are they quite dropped. They're put down, waiting to be picked back up again.

It's when you confuse your 'want tos' with your 'have tos', and you live a little more for your wants
Then line blurs
You fall in love with one, and now with the other
Both at once

Maybe you had it in you, to pursuit the things you aught to

Maybe you had it in you, to do the things you weren't expecting to love

Maybe you had it in you, to make it all worth it

Sometimes, it confuses me, people finally being driven to do things they seemed like they were supposed to
already have done. "You are where you were supposed to be!", LOL

I'm not saying it's easy, it was never supposed to be, however it is simple.
Simple doesn't mean easy. Simple is simple. Don't get the two confused.
The simplest decisions can sometimes be the hardest.

It's sometimes obvious, and innocuous, and hurts like a bitch when acted upon.
But, you did good. Like you always had.

Things don't stop becoming hard, you're just going to make it look and feel easier.

So just get your reps in. And don't go for 'perfect', go for 'done' - 'enough'. That reps done
Move on.

The process goes:
Perform -> Measure -> Move on -> Formulate new methods -> Repeat

It'll be a while, just know
It's not about who you are now, it's about who you're going to be.

Measure small, and dream big.

Don't dream of labour. Dream of doing good work.

And don't hold back.
And don't be held back.

Chew glass, spit fire.
I'm rooting for you.

Just do your best, and when your best wasn't enough for now, do your best again
You'll be better for the next time.

It's not a matter of 'if' you'll be able to, it's a matter of 'when'.

Do good things.
Cheers, bumblebee~

-J